okay moving on to my favorite part the
bathroom you guessed it
here we go in the left wing ready
oh hi controls yes please bathroom Oh
vanity Carrara marble friends
floor-to-ceiling Carrera marble double
sinks gorgeous granite countertop a
console asian-inspired
here in the in the showering wing got
his-and-hers bathrobes a beautiful
beautiful walk-in shower with some kind
of instructions there I'll probably
definitely need to read those probably
definitely Bench soaker tub
would ya loofah and bath paths you want
to see the slip a bath pet nice about
reminds me of my mother
scrubbing me clean with fault water too
hot for my skin but still nice touch
what is that electric mirror does that
mean oh oh come on come on
I'm not even playing I didn't know about
that on please on what is that what does
it do what does it do
Oh Oh powering on shut up
Rex Murphy's in my bathroom
all right now alrighty I have seen it
all I feel like I'm from the village and
maybe I am but that that is pretty cool
that is pretty cool okay I'm me and Rex
er hang it up hey Rex
in the toilet
naughty naughty apparatus that it is
they sequestered here behind this
frosted sliding glass door because who
needs to see the toilet who needs to see
you toilet even though you have this
perfect career marble box to live in and
the phone to call for more toilet paper
and I'm sure that's not our problem here
oh and an art nook that's right here's
my amenities rack a few more toiletries
shower gel lotion toothbrush razor cream
emery board comb shower cap laundry
detergent cotton buds and there's more
elastic hair elastic
some cosmetic paths bath salts we all
know what that is so was I wrong or was
I wrong about this place like it's it's
pretty amazing no it's pretty amazing
yes please do step into my sitting room
huh
I'm spoiled I'm ruined forever I am
ruined forever
thanks shangri-la thank you very much
motel 8 not gonna cut it
let's close the shall we shall we close
those enough people walking in on my
good life right
my god I will never get over that
although I really should